DOCS-2530 Lint Integrations section (part 14) (#11100)
DataDog/integrations-core: yarn/README.md

This check collects metrics from your YARN ResourceManager, including (but not limited to):

> - Cluster-wide metrics, such as number of running apps, running containers, unhealthy nodes, etc.
> - Per-application metrics, such as app progress, elapsed running time, running containers, memory use, etc.
> - Node metrics, such as available vCores, time of last health update, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cluster-wide metrics, such as number of running apps, running containers, unhealthy nodes, and more.
- Per-application metrics, such as app progress, elapsed running time, running containers, memory use, and more.
- Node metrics, such as available vCores, time of last health update, and more.
```
